Seven girls, I have chosen.
You can directly announce the match results.
He Truong Huc Dong is impossible to find a better sound than this.
Your flowers are more valuable.
Young Master Trieu, please wait a little longer.
Zhang Xudong is still choosing.
Just him.
What power can a land turtle have?
A capable groundhog.
It's okay, let your master take you out to see the world.
Don't say a broken bottle is valuable.
I am so worried about you.
Blue mouth
You think you can defeat me just by relying on this idiot of yours.
It's hopeless.
This is a purple sand gong vase.
The value is beyond me.
And this is a hibiscus ice jade
Is warranty cannot be met.
10 bad names
Against this.
Gentlemen, the results have been divided.
Truong Huc Dong, you beat Trieu Trieu.
Alright.
Then please pay for the lotus in advance.
This small money is not even in the eye.
Seven girls swipe card
Hey, what is missing from this card balance?